[docs] Add to migration v4 to v5 docs on CSS specificity (#30008)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/guides/migration-v4/migration-v4.md

yarn remove @mui/styles
```

## CSS Specificity

If you want to apply styles to components by importing a css file, you need to bump up specificity in order to always select the correct component. Consider the following example.

```js
import './style.css';
import Chip from '@mui/material/Chip';

const ChipWithGreenIcon = () => (
  <Chip
    classes={{ deleteIcon: 'green' }}
    label="delete icon is green"
    onDelete={() => {}}
  />
);
```

> In this example, in order to correctly apply a particular style to the delete icon of `Chip`, you need to select the component as specifically as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, in order to correctly apply a particular style to the delete icon of `Chip`, you need to bump the specificity as shown below:
```
